Add CONTRIBUTING guide (#13)
flare-foundation/docs: CONTRIBUTING.md

# Contributing Guidelines

## Workflow

This repository uses a docs-as-code approach, meaning that the same workflow used to contribute source code is followed.
This means that to contribute new text or modify existing pages, a git branch should be created and then a [GitHub Pull Request](https://docs.github.com/en/pull-requests/collaborating-with-pull-requests/proposing-changes-to-your-work-with-pull-requests/about-pull-requests) (PR) should be submitted.

> PR's must then be reviewed by a colleague before merging into main, which automatically publishes the changes via a GitHub Action.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
PRs must be peer-reviewed before then getting merged into main.
Once a PR is merged, its changes are automatically published via a GitHub Action.
```

WDYT?

Author: Looks good! I also prefer PRs to PR's, but the spell checker was complaining and I tend to pay too much attention to that guy...

I agree with the rest.
